## 
### 10. Confidentiality.

1. In performance of this Agreement, the Parties may disclose to each other, either in writing or orally, information which the disclosing Party deems to be proprietary and/or confidential (hereinafter, "Confidential Information") and not shared with the Trust, but may be necessary for the Trustee to perform its duties. Such information shall be marked “proprietary” or “confidential” by the disclosing Party.
2. Confidential Information shall be maintained in confidence during the term of this Agreement and for a period of three (3) years following the termination of this Agreement, except to the extent that it is required to be disclosed by law, regulation or judicial or administrative process. Data destruction and/or return procedures will be agreed upon by the Governance Board before any such data is shared, and documented in Exhibit H attached hereto. After such time, Confidential Information shall be destroyed or returned per the terms described in Exhibit H hereto.
3. In such a case where legal notice of disclosure is received, the Trustee will advise the Member prior to disclosure so that the Member will have an opportunity to seek a protective order or other appropriate relief. 
4. Member shall be responsible for disclosing their own data as required of them under relevant Federal or Provincial law.
5. No Party shall disclose Confidential Information to any third party, and each Party shall keep strictly confidential all Confidential Information of the other. Using reasonable means, each Party shall protect the confidentiality thereof with at least the same level of effort that it employs to protect the confidentiality of its own proprietary and confidential information of like importance. Each Party receiving any such Confidential Information of the other Party may, however, disclose any portion of the Confidential Information of the other Party to such representatives of the receiving Party as are engaged in a use permitted by this Agreement and have a need to know such portion, provided that representatives: (i) are directed to treat such Confidential Information confidentially and not to use such Confidential Information other than as permitted hereby or subsequently approved by Member, and (ii) are subject to a legal duty to maintain the confidentiality thereof. No receiving Party shall use the Confidential Information of a disclosing Party except solely to the extent necessary in and during the performance of this Agreement, as expressly licensed hereunder, or subsequently through electronically approved updates to this Agreement by a disclosing party. The receiving Party shall be responsible for any improper use or disclosure of any of the disclosing Party's Confidential Information by any of the receiving Party's current or former representatives.
