
## 
### 1. Definitions

1. In this agreement:

- “Aggregate Data” shall mean information whose values have been generated by performing a calculation across all individual units as a whole. For example, while uncovering new treatment strategies, medical researchers might look for patterns in aggregated patient data, but have no way to identify specific individuals.

- “Confidential Information” shall mean non-personal information that holds value and importance for organizations, such as business plans and proprietary research or other intellectual property. The disclosure or loss of such confidential information can have potential negative impact on organizations, but it does not constitute a privacy breach because it does not involve the handling of personal information. Confidential Information does not include information which is (i) known by the Trustee or other Trust members prior to disclosure to them; (ii) generally available to the public other than as a result of breach of this Agreement; (iii) made available to the Trustee or other Trust members by any independent third party who has the right to disclose the information; (iv) information that is published; (v) is independently developed by the Trustee or other Trust members (vi) is required to be disclosed by a court of competent jurisdiction, law, or government rule or regulation.

- “Data Access Levels” shall mean the type of data a Data Trust Member and/or approved User may access, such as personal data, raw data. Access Levels shall be defined by the Governance Board and documented in Exhibit F attached hereto.

- “Data Trust” shall mean the Trustee, Member, and other Members which collectively form the Data Trust ("Data Trust") as constituted in the Data Trust Member Agreement. 

- “Data Trust Governance Board” shall mean the decision-making body, consisting of at a minimum one representative of each Data Trust Member, which ensures that the development and deployment of the Data Trust adheres to the data, technical, and acceptable use specifications outlined in the exhibits attached hereto, in addition to managing, monitoring, and sustainability of the data trust. 

- “Data Trust Governance Board Representative” shall mean the designated individual representing a Data Trust Member on the Data Trust Governance Board, who is empowered to vote on behalf of the Data Trust Member, if applicable. A Data Trust Governance Board Representative may be an employee of the Data Trust Member, or an employee of another organization, who has been delegated to perform this duty on behalf of the Data Trust Member.

- “Data Trust Member” shall mean an organization that is a party to this agreement and  contributes one or more data resources it owns or controls (see "Member-owned Data Resources"**)**, or does not contribute data, but is a stakeholder in the data trust and participates to fulfill an advisory function to the Governance Board, as defined in Section 5 of this agreement. Data Trust Members may include private companies, non-profit organizations, philanthropic and governmental entities, and community and/or advocacy groups as determined and approved by the data trust governance board.

- “Data Trust Research Hub” shall mean a permission based electronic portal providing approved Third Party Researchers access to Trust-managed data resources, as outlined in an approved Data Sharing Agreement between the Trustee, on behalf of all data trust Members, and the Third Party Researcher.

- "Data Trust Technical Infrastructure" shall mean any legal agreements, electronic registries, computer code, or other technology used to support, maintain, and govern the Data Trust, its Member-contributed Data Resources, and Trust-managed Data Resources. This may include extraction, transfer, and load (“ETL”) scripts, databases, distributed ledgers, web applications, algorithms, authorization protocols, application programming interfaces (“APIs”), and compliance monitoring services.

- “Data Trust User” shall mean any organization, collaborative, initiative, or third party researcher that has expressly received permission by the Data Trust Governance Board to use specified trust-managed data resources for specified purposes. 

- “Data Security Classification” shall mean the classification of data based on its level of sensitivity and the impact to the individual or organization represented by the data should that data be disclosed, altered, or destroyed without authorization. An example of data security classification levels follows:


<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Classification level </strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Description</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Example of Risk Impact</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Public 
<p>
(Lowest risk) 
   </td>
   <td>Applies to information assets that will not result in injury to individuals, governments or private sector institutions; and financial loss will be insignificant.
   </td>
   <td>
<ul>

<li>No or minimal inconvenience if not available

<li>No or minimal impact if lost or altered
</li>
</ul>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Protected A
<p>
(Minimal risk)
   </td>
   <td>Applies to information assets that, if compromised, could cause injury to an individual, organization or government.
   </td>
   <td>
<ul>

<li>Unfair competitive advantage

<li>Disruption to business if not available or inaccessible
</li>
</ul>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Protected B
<p>
(Moderate risk) 
   </td>
   <td>Applies to information assets that, if compromised, could cause serious injury to an individual organization or government.
   </td>
   <td>
<ul>

<li>Loss of reputation or competitive advantage

<li>Loss of confidence in the program

<li>Loss of personal or individual privacy

<li>Loss of trade secrets or intellectual property

<li>Loss of opportunity (e.g., insurance, health coverage)

<li>Financial loss
</li>
</ul>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Protected C
<p>
(Significant risk) 
   </td>
   <td>Applies to information assets that, if compromised, could cause extremely grave injury to an individual, organization or government.
   </td>
   <td>
<ul>

<li>Loss of life

<li>Loss of public safety

<li>Significant Financial loss

<li>Destruction of partnerships and relationships

<li>Significant damage

<li>Sabotage/terrorism
</li>
</ul>
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


- “Derived Data” shall mean any data or information that is a result of combining, aggregating, or otherwise processing the shared data via calculation combining, aggregating, or otherwise processing the shared data via calculation.

- "Member-contributed Data Resources" shall mean any data owned by or stewarded over by Member or other Data Trust Members provided to the Trustee for use by the Data Trust, and described in Exhibit D attached hereto or in the Data Trust electronic registry of Exhibit D.

- “Personal Information” (also known as personally identifiable information or “PII”) shall mean any information, recorded or otherwise, relating to an identifiable individual. Almost any information, if linked to an identifiable individual, can become personal in nature.

- “Raw Data” shall mean data that has not yet been processed, altered, or combined with other data to form new data or metrics.

- “Research Hub Review Committee” shall mean the committee of Data Trust Member representatives tasked with reviewing research proposals based on Data Trust approved criteria, and making recommendations for approval.

- “Sensitive Personal Information” refers to information about an individual that must be protected from unauthorized access to safeguard the privacy or security of an individual, such as health or financial information.

- “Trustee” shall mean the Data Trust Member that has been approved by the Data Trust Governance Board to be the “trustee” of the data trust, responsible for ensuring that the data trust technical infrastructure adheres to the legal and technical specifications articulated in the Data Trust member agreement, and for carrying out subsequent decisions related to the Data Trust made by the Data Trust Governance Board. 

- “Trustee Affiliate” shall mean any organization contracted to provide or assist in services related to Data Trust Technical Infrastructure on behalf of the Data Trust. Trustee Affiliate shall not be construed as a Member of the Data Trust and has no rights or responsibilities as such. Trustee Affiliate shall not be construed as a Member of the Data Trust and has no rights or responsibilities as such.

- "Trust-managed Data Resource" shall be any data resource, including derived or aggregate data, generated by the combination of one or more Member-contributed Data Resources and managed on behalf of the Trust by Technical Trustee or its Affiliates in support of the agreed upon goals of the Trust, or one or more of the Approved Projects and Uses.
