## 
**4. Data Trust Governance Board.**

1. Designated representative(s) of Members, along with Trustee’s designated representative(s) collectively form the Data Trust Governance Board ("Governance Board"). 
2. The Governance Board responsibilities include, but are not limited to, overseeing the Data Trust to ensure that it is developed and managed in accordance with this Agreement, adopting a data security classification framework to be used for all Member-contributed and Trust-managed data resources, approving Trust-managed data resource access and use, developing necessary policies and privacy standards for Trust-managed data resources, creating and overseeing Subcommittees to address specific Data Trust needs or issues, and selecting and overseeing the Trustee in its duties in accordance with this Agreement.
3. The Governance Board is chaired by the Trustee’s Governance Board representative. The Governance Board chair is responsible for scheduling Governance Board meetings, maintaining the list of Governance Board members, maintaining record of Governance Board vote tallies and decisions, and other duties as needed.
4. By default, each Data Trust Member, including the Trustee, has one equal vote on the Governance Board regardless of its number of Governance Board representatives. The Governance Board may, however, vote to classify non-data contributing members as “non-voting” and/or “advisory” only as identified in Exhibit B attached hereto. Members contributing data to the Data Trust may not have their voting rights revoked by the Governance Board or by any other party or means. Any Governance Board representative representing more than one voting Member must vote or abstain once on behalf of each Member they are representing.  
5. An electronic registry of all Governance Board representatives shall be maintained by the Governance Board chair and updated at the request of any Member. 
6. Sub-committees may be formed and disbanded at the pleasure of the Governance Board. The Governance Board shall authorize Sub-committee action, including whether decisions of the Subcommittee are binding without Governance Board review, or must be reviewed by the Governance Board before becoming official. Sub-committee membership must consist of at least one Governance Board representative, other members shall be nominated by Governance Board representatives and must be approved by the Governance Board.
