## 
### 13. Miscellaneous.

1. **Amendments.** Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, this Agreement may not be modified, amended or altered in any way except by a written agreement signed by the Parties or electronic consent provided by Parties.
2. **Assignment**. No Party may assign this Agreement or delegate any of its duties, in whole or in part, without the prior written or electronic consent of the other party; provided, however, that: (i) the Trustee may assign this Agreement and delegate its duties to an Affiliate; and (ii) either Party may assign this Agreement to an entity that acquires all or substantially all of the assets or business of such Party. If any assignee refuses to be bound by all of the terms and obligations of this Agreement or if any assignment is made in breach of the terms of this Agreement, then such assignment shall be null and void and of no force or effect.
3. **Counterparts**. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall be deemed the same agreement.
4. **Force Majeure**. No Party shall be liable for any failure or delay in performing its obligations under this Agreement, or for any loss or damage resulting therefrom, due to acts of God, the public enemy, terrorist activities, riots, fires, and similar causes beyond such Party's control.
5. **Governing Law**. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the internal substantive laws of the primary province of residence of the Trustee.
6. **Publicity**. No Party shall make reference to the other Party in a press release or any other written statement in connection with the Project without the other Party's prior consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, if it is intended for use in the news media. If there is no notice or disapproval within 48 hours after delivery to the other party for its review, the material shall be deemed approved. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Trustee shall be permitted to use Member's name in a list of Data Trust Members that may also include a brief description of the Trust goals and priorities.
