## 
### 8. Proprietary Rights.

1. Member shall maintain ownership over any methodologies and code developed using only its own data, except for the code, software, or algorithms developed by the Trustee or its Affiliate(s) specific to Member data necessary to support and maintain the Trust and approved Projects and Uses.
2. To the extent practicable, Trustee and Trustee Affiliate(s) will release all software and algorithms developed or managed under Projects and Uses, as described in Exhibit C attached hereto, on behalf of the Trust as open source software unless otherwise determined by a vote of the Governance Board. In the event such software cannot be made available as open source software due to technical or other limitations, Trustee shall grant Member a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the software for the purposes set forth in Exhibit C attached hereto. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, Trustee is not required to license or incorporate anything into software that Trustee reasonably believes would infringe another Member’s intellectual property rights or that Trustee is not authorized to license.
3. Approved Third Party Researchers and other approved third party users shall maintain ownership over any methodologies developed during the course of their approved Projects and Uses, unless otherwise agreed upon by all Parties.
4. The Trustee, Third Party Researchers, and third-party users agree that, prior to release of any computer code, Trustee, Third Party Researchers, and/or third-party users shall, to the extent practicable, provide to the Member a copy of the code to ensure it contains no sensitive  data.
5. All developments, discoveries, inventions, improvements, and modifications (whether or not patentable) conceived and reduced to practice in carrying out Projects and Uses conducted under this Agreement (the "Inventions") will be promptly disclosed by each Party to the other Party. Inventions made solely by employees, agents, consultants, independent contractors or other representatives of the Trustee or its Affiliates will be solely owned by Trustee. Inventions made solely by employees, agents, consultants or other representatives of Member, will be owned solely by Member. Inventions made jointly by employees, agents, consultants, independent contractors or other representatives of the Trustee or its Affiliates, and/or employees, agents, consultants or other representatives of Member will be owned jointly by the jointly contributing Parties.
6. This Agreement does not transfer from one Party to the other any intellectual property rights that existed prior to this Agreement or that are created independently of this Agreement.
