## 
### 6. Academic Research as a Project or Approved Use.

1. The Data Trust may, in this Agreement or through a future vote of the Governance Board, approve academic research as an approved use of the Trust-managed Data Resources. If approved, the Trustee shall make available a secure Data Trust Research Hub (“Research Hub”) for access by approved researchers, for approved research, and put in place a process for certifying academic researchers for access to Trust-managed Data Resources through the Research Hub. This Research Hub may be managed by the Trustee or  Trustee Affiliate(s). Approved uses, including approved academic research, shall be documented under Allowable Uses of Exhibit C attached hereto.
2. Individual researchers or research institutions ("Third Party Researcher") may submit a proposal for the use of Trust-managed Data Resources that include   personal information or sensitive personal information. This proposal must be approved in writing or by electronic approval process conducted by Trustee and Governance Board. 
3. Prior to accessing any data via the Research Hub or any other means, Third Party Researchers will be required to execute a Data Trust researcher agreement with the Trustee on behalf of the Data Trust that stipulates the permissions, use, and analyses approved, including timeline and publications.  Further, Trustee or Trustee Affiliate(s) will provide prior written or electronic notice via Member's electronic portal that their data will be used by such Third Party Researcher as described in the Researcher data sharing agreement. Member may notify Trustee at any time to revoke such Third Party Researcher's access to the data. 
4. Prior to being approved for access to the Research Hub, Third Party Researchers shall sign a Data Trust researcher agreement and complete a required training course which covers the use of the Research Hub, allowable use of data provided via the Research Hub, Third Party Researcher obligations to Members, ethical guidelines, reporting of accidental misuse, and research review prior to publication. This training will be detailed on the Research Hub's website and will be updated from time to time. Proof of training completion will be required prior to the issuing of Research Hub credentials. 
5. Third Party Researcher shall be required to complete relevant IRB approval prior to approval for access and use of Trust-managed Data Resources for research. 
6. The Governance Board may elect to establish a Research Hub Review Committee for the purposes of reviewing and approving Third Party Researchers and their respective proposals. Governance Board representatives will nominate Data Trust Member representatives including experienced researchers or other technical experts to participate on the Research Hub Review Committee. Governance Board representatives may also nominate representatives from relevant communities or local interest groups to participate. Research Hub Review Committee members must be approved by the Governance Board. 
7. The Governance Board or the Research Hub Review Committee will periodically review and approve through unanimous vote categories of allowable uses of Trust-managed Data Resources by Third Party Researchers along with their associated responsibilities and restrictions. 
8. The Governance Board or the Research Hub Review Committee will review and approve proposals for new categories of research uses on a quarterly basis. 
9. The Trustee will register and make publicly available all approved Third Party Researchers and proposals. 
10. Data Trust Members will retain the right to opt out of the use of their member-contributed data resources in any particular research project at any time. 
