## 
### 12. Term and Termination.

1. The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and will remain in effect for two (2) years thereafter unless otherwise modified by mutual agreement. Any party may terminate this Agreement without cause upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice to the other party. Upon termination, member may elect to have the Trustee return or destroy their member-contributed data or allow the Trustee to continue to work with such data subject to the terms of this Agreement. Members may also renew Agreement and Trust Membership for an additional two (2) year period at any time via written or electronic communication with Trustee. Trustee will retain an electronic registry of the expiration date of the agreement for all Members and allow Members to renew participation electronically through the registry.
2. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, each Members’ obligations under this Agreement may be expressly subject to an annual appropriation being made by Member's governing board in an amount sufficient to allow Member to perform its obligations under this Agreement. If sufficient funds are not appropriated this Agreement may be terminated by any Party without penalty. Member's obligations under this Agreement do not constitute a general obligation for indebtedness or multiple year direct or indirect debt or other financial obligation whatsoever within the meaning of the Constitution or laws of the relevant State.
