## 
### 3. Trustee Responsibilities.

1. Trustee is responsible for providing the necessary legal, technical, and organizational infrastructure to support the creation, use, and maintenance of the Data Trust. In conjunction with the Data Trust Governance Board, Trustee will also ensure all Members, Users, Trustee and Trustee Affiliates are in compliance with the terms and conditions written herein. The Data Trust may appoint a new Trustee at anytime through a majority vote of the Governance Board.
2. If data is classified as public (or the equivalent) and public access of public data is listed as an Approved Use, once public data is contributed by any member, Trustee shall have the right to immediately make public data publicly available as approved and specified herein.
3. Trustee agrees to keep all member-contributed data resources deemed by Member to be sensitive and/or personal information from disclosure by any unauthorized party. Additionally, Trustee agrees to only disclose them to its employees and/or Trustee Affiliates who need access in order to meet Trustee’s obligations and requirements for the purposes contemplated by this Agreement. Further, Trustee represents and certifies that no Data Trust Member nor Third Party shall have access to Member's member-contributed data resources in their raw form without express written or electronic approval by Member.
4. Trustee will ensure that no personal information will be included in any published data. During the implementation of Projects and Allowable Uses, Trustee, Members, or approved Third Party Researchers, may develop aggregate data that qualifies for public classification as defined by the privacy and anonymization criteria adopted by the Governance Board. Such aggregate data may be published in accordance with all other public data, as determined by the Governance Board. However, prior to any such release, Member and all other Data Trust Members which own data used in the creation of aggregate data shall be able to review the aggregate data to verify no data classified as sensitive is revealed.
5. Trustee’s designated Governance Board representative will serve as Chair of the Governance Board.
