## 
### 7. Publication.

1. The Governance Board may approve Academic Research and Publication as an approved Use of Trust-managed Data Resources. If approved by the Governance Board, approved Researchers may have the right, consistent with academic standards, to publish the results of research performed under this Agreement, provided such publication does not disclose Confidential Information of the Parties or personal information contributed to the Data Trust by Members. All approved Researchers shall agree that, prior to submission of a manuscript describing any results for publication, they will share the manuscript with the Trustee and the Trustee shall forward to all Members a copy of the manuscript to be submitted and shall allow Members thirty (30) days to determine whether a patent application or other intellectual property protection should be sought prior to publication in order to protect the Member proprietary interests in any product or invention developed in connection with the approved Project. In addition, with reasonable justification, the Trustee agrees to withhold such publication of approved Researchers an additional sixty (60) days, if required, to obtain patent protection. At this time the Trustee shall release the transcript and Researcher shall be free to submit the manuscript and publish results in any manner consistent with academic standards. The Member will have the right to request deletion of any trade secret, proprietary, or confidential information supplied by them to the Trustee. Neither party shall use the name of the other party, or the name(s) of the other party's employees, logos, trademarks or other identifiers, without the prior written consent of the other party, except that the Trustee may list Member as a Member on a public site and Researcher may list the Trust as a resource on any published manuscript after final approval.
