GovernanceProcedures.md

## Exhibit F: Governance Procedures
[Trustee](Definition) of [Data_Collaboration_Name](Input) shall maintain the list approved Governance Procedures and [Data Collaboration Governance Board Representatives](Definition) in the [Exhibits Registry](Exhibit). An electronic registry for [Exhibit F: Governance Procedures](Exhibit) is maintained and updated at [Exhibit_F_Link](Inpupt).

### Exhibit F.1
Designated representative(s) of [Member](Definition), along with all other [Members](Definition)’ designated representatives collectively, form the [Data Collaboration Governance Board](Definition) (hereafter, the "Governance Board"). The [Data Collaboration Governance Board](Definition) is responsible for approving [Data Collaboration-Managed Data Resources](Definition) access and use, developing necessary policies and privacy standards for [Member-Contributed Data Resources](Definition), and selecting and overseeing the [Trustee](Definition) in its duties in accordance with this [Agreement](Definition).

### Exhibit F.2
The [Data Collaboration Governance Board](Definition) is chaired by the Trustee’s Governance Board representative. The [Data Collaboration Governance Board Chair](Definition) is responsible for scheduling [Data Collaboration Governance Board](Definition) meetings, maintaining the list of [Data Collaboration Governance Board Representative](Definition)s, maintaining record of [Data Collaboration Governance Board](Definition) vote tallies and decisions, and other duties as needed.

### Exhibit F.3
Each [Member](Definition), including the [Trustee](Definition), has one equal vote on the [Data Collaboration Governance Board](Definition) regardless of its number of Governance Board representatives. Any Governance Board representative representing more than one [Member](Definition) must vote or abstain once on behalf of each [Member](Definition) they are representing. Each [Member](Definition) is limited to one vote by virtue of their membership. 

### Exhibit F.4
An electronic registry of all Governance Board Representatives shall be maintained by the [Data Collaboration Governance Board Chair](Definition) and updated at the request of [Member](Definition). Additionally, an electronic registry of all [Data Collaboration Governance Board](Definition) decisions and vote tallies, including abstentions, will be maintained by the [Data Collaboration Governance Board Chair](Definition) on behalf of the [Data Collaboration](Definition).

### Exhibit F.5 [Data Collaboration Governance Board](Definition) Composition, Responsibilities, and Voting
* **Exhibit F.5.01**: The primary responsibility of the [Data Collaboration Governance Board](Definition) is to monitor the creation and sharing of [Data Collaboration-Managed Data Resources](Definition), review and approve new [Data Collaboration-Managed Data Resources](Definition), and identify and approve new [Data Collaboration Users](Definition) and expansions. The [Data Collaboration Governance Board](Definition) is also responsible for reviewing the performance of the [Trustee](Definition), and voting to replace [Trustee](Definition) when deemed appropriate by the [Data Collaboration Governance Board](Definition).
* **Exhibit F.5.02**: Unless the [Data Collaboration Governance Board](Definition) agrees otherwise, [Data Collaboration Governance Board](Definition) meetings shall be held at a minimum of once a quarter, or more frequently at the request of any [Data Collaboration Governance Board](Definition) representative.
* **Exhibit F.5.03**: [Data Collaboration Governance Board](Definition) meetings will be organized and managed by the [Governance Board Chair](Definition).
* **Exhibit F.5.04**: [Data Collaboration Governance Board](Definition) meetings are open to all [Data Collaboration Governance Board Representatives](Definition) to discuss the status of the [Data Collaboration](Definition), review current approved project(s), renew current uses and projects up for renewal, approve newly proposed projects and uses, review, modify, and add Ethical Commitments, review [Trustee](Definition)'s performance, renew or change [Trustee](Definition) based on performance of duties, approve [Data Collaboration](Definition) management budgets, and conduct any other business the [Data Collaboration Governance Board](Definition) deems necessary for [Data Collaboration](Definition) governance. Additionally, Governance Board representatives may invite data stewards or subject matter experts to attend [Data Collaboration Governance Board](Definition) meetings in order to provide substantive, technical, and/or contextual expertise for the purposes of discussion.
* **Exhibit F.5.05**: The [Data Collaboration Governance Board](Definition) may elect to hold meetings and votes in-person, remotely or electronically (via email or some other electronic messaging platform).
* **Exhibit F.5.06** Except as where stated otherwise, all references to a vote of the [Data Collaboration Governance Board](Definition) or a vote of the [Members](Definition), shall mean a unanimous vote, save for abstentions, as detailed in this paragraph. [Data Collaboration Governance Board](Definition) decisions about projects and approved uses, whether new or existing, must be approved unanimously by all Governance Board representatives. A unanimous vote means an approving vote of those Governance Board representatives who are voting. A unanimous vote may be obtained even if one or more Governance Board representatives abstain from voting. [Members](Definition) with Data Governance representatives who abstain from a vote may elect to have their data excluded from the approved project or new approved use. [Trustee](Definition) will be responsible for ensuring that any project or use approved unanimously by a voting subset of [Members](Definition) will not include data from any abstaining [Member](Definition) which elects to exclude their data. Any [Member](Definition) whose Governance Board Representative does not timely vote on a matter is considered to have abstained from voting.
* **Exhibit F.5.07**: [Data Collaboration Governance Board](Definition) decisions about adopting or updating the [Data Collaboration](Definition)'s ethical principles and guidelines shall require a unanimous vote. A unanimous vote may be obtained even if one or more Governance Board representatives abstains from voting.
* **Exhibit F.5.08**: The [Data Collaboration Governance Board](Definition) will periodically review the performance of the [Trustee](Definition). Through a simple majority vote of all [Members](Definition) who are entitled to a vote, the [Data Collaboration Governance Board](Definition) may choose to change the [Trustee](Definition) at any time based on poor performance or violation of one or more of the terms of the [Agreement](Definition). Replacing the [Trustee](Definition) does not void this [Agreement](Definition). In the event that a new [Trustee](Definition) is selected, the new [Trustee](Definition) will assume the [Trustee](Definition) duties within thirty days and the current [Trustee](Definition) will continue to carry out its duties during that time. This same process will govern instances when a [Trustee](Definition) chooses to leave their role as [Trustee](Definition). Once selected, all rights, obligations, and responsibilities of the [Trustee](Definition) under this [Agreement](Definition) shall transfer to new [Trustee](Definition), the electronic registry of this [Agreement](Definition) shall be updated to reflect the current [Trustee](Definition). For purposes of this paragraph, abstentions do not count either as a vote for or against and are not included in the tally, but are noted in the record by the [Data Collaboration Governance Board Chair](Definition).
* **Exhibit F.5.09**: Governance Board representatives must be notified of an upcoming vote at least one week prior to the scheduled vote. Governance Board representatives may vote either in-person or electronically within twenty four hours of the scheduled vote. Notice may occur by electronic mail to the Governance Board representatives. Any Governance Board representative who does not provide a vote to the [Data Collaboration Governance Board Chair](Definition) either in-person or electronically within twenty four hours of a scheduled vote shall be considered abstaining. Governance Board representatives may temporarily delegate their voting rights to any other individual or Governance Board representative by informing [Data Collaboration Governance Board Chair](Definition) at least twenty four hours in advance of any vote that they are delegating their voting rights and to whom the voting rights are to be delegated.
